
8 юнит true-false - not stated - https://storage.yandexcloud.net/cpeaudio/ege/8/%D0%92%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B0%D0%BD%D1%82%208%20(mp3cut.net)%20(1).mp3 transcript - Emile: Samantha, are you home?Samantha: Yeah, I'm here. Come in.Emile: Hi! It wasn't easy to find your place.Samantha: Is it your first visit? I thought you were here a couple of times.Emile: Yeah, I planned to, but no. I like it, by the way.Samantha: Funny, I don't. I'm so fed up with it. Have you noticed how dark it is in here? No sunlight at all. And it's always noisy — so noisy that I do not dare to open the windows.Emile: I can help you find a better place. There are plenty of apartments available in the city. Do you have a particular area in mind where you want to live?Samantha: I would change the district itself, but I would like some place quieter and closer to the underground.Emile: Hmm. Do you know the park next to the Uni? On the other side of it, there are a few new blocks of flats. They are a bit far from the library, but pretty close to the pool.Samantha: Sounds good.Emile: Do you own this place? Do you plan to sell it first?Samantha: I rent it. And the landlord has just raised the monthly rent. It's over 15 000 a month, and I'd like to stay within the 10 000 range.Emile: Well, if you are looking for something similar to this one — a two-bedroom apartment with a living room and a balcony — I doubt it's possible.Samantha: A one-bedroom apartment with a living room would be enough. A balcony would be a cherry on the cake.Emile: That should not be difficult to find.Samantha: I'm also hoping to find an apartment that has a gym or fitness centre in the building. I don't want to have to pay for a separate gym membership.Emile: That's a great idea. I heard those buildings next to the park have a fitness center, but we'll have to check. Have you thought about any other amenities you'd like to have? Samantha: Well, I do a lot of cooking, so having a kitchen with modern appliances is important to me. And I love having a washer and dryer in the unit, so I don't have to go to a laundromat.Emile: Those are both important things to consider. We can make sure to include those features in the search. And what about parking? Do you need a designated spot?Samantha: I don't have a car.Emile: So that's one less thing to worry about! Do you want a doorman or a secure entry system?Samantha: Sure. Safety is a top priority for me.Emile: Noted. We'll look for buildings with those features as well. Finally, when are you moving out?Samantha: I'd say within the next month, if possible.Emile: I'll take my laptop, and we'll see what's on the market for you. variants - варианты - A. Emile has never been at Samantha's place.B. Samantha's windows overlook the city centre.C. Samantha would like to stay in the same area.D. Emile lives in the new block of flats next to the University.E. A balcony is a must in Samantha's new apartment.F. Samantha drives to work.G. Emile is going to search for the apartment on the Internet.
