
1. There is no obligation to donate to every charity.2. Volunteering for charity organizations is necessary.3. Charities are different to meet everyone's wishes.4. Charity is a good way to show love and support to animals.5. Supporting charity organizations is beneficial for a business.6. The choice of a reliable charity organization is important.7. Focusing donations on one kind of charity is more effective. текст - Speaker AFrom cats and dogs to bunnies and iguanas, many of us count one or more of these animals among our very best friends. They enrich our lives and complete our families — but even the creatures we don't share our homes with deserve our respect and care. Providing financial support to organizations that work to save animals' lives and improve their living conditions is a great way to ensure our furry and feathered friends get necessary care.Speaker BIf you're interested in supporting the animals you can't welcome into your home, donating to an animal rescue charity is a great way to give back. But it's important to remember that not all charities are as trustworthy as others — and it's vital to know your donations are being used in the best possible way. That's why you'd better monitor your local community to find the best charities. Surely, there're some local reputable charities for animals to get you started.Speaker CWith so many organizations out there to choose from, how do you find the best animal rescue charity to support? First, you should start by narrowing down your goals. Then, keep in mind that you can't help every animal on Earth. While many of us wish we could save every animal that needs our help, most charity organizations focus on certain types of animals or different geographic areas to accomplish the most with the limited resources they have available.Speaker DI know there're many types of animal rescue nonprofit organizations to satisfy all needs. If you're a fan of wildlife, maybe endangered animal charities appeal to you. If you prefer to focus on dogs, cats and other furry pals close to home, plenty of local animal charities would love your help. These days, there're even animal welfare charities dedicated to helping specific breeds of dogs and cats. Surely, all types of charities would welcome your donation.Speaker EI can name many reasons why your company should make charitable donations. Donating to charities can help change your company's image and work culture. It can also have a dramatic impact on others. Charitable donations help better your community, and the public will notice if a company is making a real effort to improve its surroundings. Your company's donations can help improve schools or parks, giving children safe places to learn and play. Speaker FYou're a great person with a big heart, but that doesn't mean you're willing and able to contribute to every charitable cause that comes your way. Of course, it's not always easy to decline donation requests, which can be frustrating. If you find yourself in a situation where you feel you can't simply turn down a request — but still have no plans to donate — there're several strategies to consider. All of them centre on being honest, direct and polite. аудио - https://storage.yandexcloud.net/cpeaudio/ege/12/%D0%92%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B0%D0%BD%D1%82%2012%20(mp3cut.net).mp3 
