
multiple matching - https://storage.yandexcloud.net/cpeaudio/ege/8/%D0%92%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B0%D0%BD%D1%82%208%20(mp3cut.net)%20(2).mp3  Presenter: Hello, everyone! You're listening to Youth Community Radio. It was overcast yesterday during the day and showering at night, yet right now there isn't a cloud in the sky. It's 5 o'clock, the sun is still rising, and I have a steaming mug of coffee right in front of me. We are waiting to be joined by Pepper York, an upcoming psychologist, who's been helping kids from 13 to 19 in the capital, but is now with us. Welcome, Pepper!Pepper York: Hi, Jack. Thank you for having me today. It's great to be back in my home town. It's been a while.Presenter: It's great to finally have you on Youth Community Radio. We receive many comments from our listeners — both in our social nets, by post, by phone, you name it — mentioning their struggles to find what they are meant to be. Simon, an 18-year-old boy, posted a comment to our feed saying that he was very passionate about philosophy and social sciences, but he was in love with art for as long as he could remember.Pepper York: Well, I could assume that — like many others — he is approaching a turn in the road, and is uncertain about everything that comes next. This is a common place to be at eighteen. Am I right in saying that he believes that he doesn't know whether to pursue an artistic career, or one in cognitive science?Presenter: Yes, he feels pressured to pick the right thing to study at the university, and wonders how necessary university is in order to succeed as a visual artist.Pepper York: First of all, this is what I'd like to say to him, "Simon, you're too young to give up on the relatively practical and doable dream of pursuing art. But what you should really think about is that the hardest thing about being an artist is that there isn't really a set way of doing it. So if you are really into it, you should prepare yourself to deal with uncertainties all along the way, and not just at the very beginning." Presenter: How so?Pepper York: If it was a one-to-one session, I'd make him think about such questions as: What kind of art should he make? How will he make money? Who will his art be for? How will he structure his days? What will his community be? What steps will he take toward his goals? And many others.Presenter: Will they help?Pepper York: Well, these questions are not easy to answer, and none of the answers will remain reliable for very long. But they will provide insight into the nature of existence. People don't build their lives in one day. The process is endless, constant, and often with no help from others.Presenter: Could you please elaborate more on that?Pepper York: There are lots of ways to make it as an artist, and really no definite line between making it and not making it. You can make art your career by showing it in galleries and selling your work, or you can be a professor. You can work as a graphic designer or tattoo artist. You can make money by winning grants. You can have a day job to pay the bills, and also create your art. For some of the professions I mentioned, like a professor or an artist showing in galleries, it's helpful to have a master's degree.Presenter: Then maybe that's a good reason to study art in college? Did that help you to become who you are?Pepper York: I have complicated feelings about college. I wasn't particularly happy there. And besides the few classes which made it all worth it, I don't know if I learned much. But I'm glad I went. College can give you a bunch of things, besides giving you access to certain jobs and advanced degrees down the road. It gives you time to decide what you want, and access to people who can offer useful advice.Presenter: Do you think making a life as an artist is easy?Pepper York: I wouldn't say so, but it's not necessarily harder than other ways of life.Presenter: What would you suggest that Simon should do?Pepper York: Simon, work hard, look for people who can help guide you, and do not be afraid to ask dumb questions. As time passes, you'll get better at sifting out the right answers from the wrong ones. And, by all means, focus also on philosophy, social science, and other stuff that interests you. Anyone who tells you that artists don't have other interests or do other things knows only bad artists. варианты - When does the program run?In the morning.In the afternoon.In the evening.Ответ: [ ]ВАРИАНТ 8 (страница 87)4What do we learn about Pepper York at the beginning of the interview?She is a famous psychologist.She was born in the capital.She works with teenagers.Ответ: [ ]5The presenter mentions Simon to...introduce the first question.give an example of the general trend.show that teenagers can talk to radio staff.Ответ: [ ]6Pepper encourages Simon to...make his dream come true.be ready for the unknown.to consider possible hardships.Ответ: [ ]7Why should teenagers ask themselves many questions?They help to set the career path.The answers remain the same.They give a hint of what life is.Ответ: [ ]8What does Pepper NOT mention as a benefit of studying at college?The classes are useful.You can get an internship.It helps you with your career.Ответ: [ ] 9What does Pepper say about good artists?They have other interests apart from art.They are not afraid of asking questions.They studied philosophy and social science.Ответ: [ ]
